# 2017-04

## The Thinking Habit That Changed My Life

I remember one evening three years ago, when my life was very different. I was overweight. I was deeply in debt. I was a smoker. I felt hopeless and helpless. I couldn't change anything.

Then I looked up at the sky and thought what a miracle life is. And I resolved to list the good things in my life. I had a wonderful wife. I had five amazing children. I could see and appreciate the beauty of the world around me. The list went on, but you get the idea. Even when things seemed terrible for me, actually I was OK.

That night I resolved to be grateful for what I had, and for the people in my life. I started the habit of gratitude. Now many people consider it unimportant. I'm here to tell you that it's very important. It changes lives.

Now I appreciate my wife Eva more. I feel good about having her in my life. And we have deepened our relationship. I also appreciate my kids more. Instead of criticizing them, I tend to notice their loveliness, curiosity and humor. I'm kinder to others around me, at work and everywhere else, because instead of seeing the faults in everyone, I see the good, and am grateful for them. I need less, because instead of thinking about what I don't have, I am grateful for what I do have. Each and every moment becomes cause for gratitude, and life becomes easier.

Without the habit of gratitude, we tend to complain and see the bad in people and things. We can't change that at once, but you can do something. For example, you can start with a small action. Really feel the happiness that something or someone is in your life, or take a moment to make a list of the things in your life that you're thankful for.

1.I was unhappy with my life three years ago.

2.I drank every day and couldn't stop it.

3.I was unable to support my family.

4. One evening I came to a new understanding of my life.

5. Many people value the habit of gratitude nowadays.

6. Now I have a closer relationship with my wife.

7. I am now more strict with my kids.

8. I like making friends with people around me.

9. I now try to see the good in others.

10.A small action doesn't work to change one's bad habit.

## Dog Training

Dog training is a must for all dogs. It is more than just telling your dog to stop doing what he's doing; it is the process of teaching a dog to exhibit certain desired behaviors in specific circumstances. Proper dog training is not a "quick fix" ---it is an ongoing process.

Dog training also involves teaching the owner. Going through dog training is something that every dog owner should do. It is like going to school over again. It is all about communication, and you need to learn to communicate with your dog.

Training your dog to "sit" is probably the first thing you will train your dog to do. When you want your dog to sit, hold a treat above his head and say "sit". As the dog sits, say "sit" again and then immediately give him the treat. Your dog should drop into a "sit" position in order to reach the food.

Teaching your dog to fetch promotes bonding. To do this, first throw a ball, and give the command "fetch". As he starts to run towards it, yell "fetch" again. Instead of a ball, you may use the object your dog loves most. Do not play fetch with heavy items or sticks, however, as this can damage the dog's teeth or injure the dog.

A well-trained dog should remain where his owner commands, so "stay" is an important command in dog training as well. Since it is more involved, that will be the subject of another article.

Dog training is a very physical activity, so be prepared to be tired. And dog training is never without risk of injury, especially with more aggressive dogs. One major mistake many dog owners make is to think that the dog training is over. Training your dog continues throughout your dog's life.

11. What does the author say about dog training?

A. It requires professional guidance. B. It is necessary for every dog.

C. It gives dogs good exercise. D. It is an easy job for trainers.

12. What is the most important thing for dog trainers to do?

A. Learn to communicate with dogs.

B. Give dogs timely encouragement.

C. Create right circumstances for dogs.

D. Teach dogs desired behaviors.

13. Dog trainers usually train their dogs first to

A. Jump B. stay C. fetch D.sit

14. To train dogs to fetch, trainers often start with a

A. stick B. ball C. treat D. trick

15. Many dog owners tend to think that dog training

A. can be dangerous B. costs much money
C takes a short time D. can be very tiring

## Ancient Greek Values

①Ancient Greek civilization has greatly helped the building of today's society. Many countries now still base their laws and ethics ( 伦 理 ） on the teachings and doings of ancient Greeks. In everyday life, ancient Greeks valued loyalty, glory, intelligence and hospitality (好客).These may seem simple values, but they did effectively shape ancient Greece into a most referenced culture in history.

②During ancient Greece, men were required to go to school and learn. Boys were taught at home until they were 6 years old and then sent off to school, Ancient Greek schools featured a structure that had boys in school from the age of six until fourteen and then an optional additional four years. The boys were trained in arts and in citizen training. Citizen training prepared Greek boys for two aspects of adult life, which were peace and war.

③Glory for young men in ancient Greece was the same as fame to young people today. Stories of war glories and battles were handed down to young men so that they desired to make their names along with the victory of a battle.

④Helping your fellow man was an important aspect of life in ancient Greece. Ancient Greeks were kind and generous. They offered food, shelter and protection travelers without question. They believed that helping others was their brotherly duty.

⑤Loyalty is perhaps the most important value of ancient Greek civilization. It was stressed in everything the Greeks did. They believed in loyalty to the family, the community and most importantly to the gods. The gods of ancient Greece often sent tests to citizens. Keeping faith through the tests was a sign of loyalty and belief.

### Task 1

A. Education in ancient Greece

B. Friendliness of ancient Greeks

C. Wars in ancient Greece

D. Impact of ancient Greece value

E. Top value of ancient Greece

F. Sense of honor of ancient Greece

### Task 2

21. Ancient Greek values arc held

22. Young men in ancient Greece were required

23. Young Greeks had a strong desire

24. Ancient Greeks saw it as a duty

25. Ancient Greeks stressed loyalty

A. to go to school

B. in many countries

C. to achieve honor

D. in whatever they did

E. to study law

F. to help others

## The Power of Positive Thinking

　　Human emotion is one of those factors that cannot be defined exactly. The reason is that it is quite uncertain. We cannot change the feelings that are roused when we experience different things. (26) Some people forget that they are in control. They make their choices based on their emotions. They experience failure and loss and let their emotions rule their decisions. They are trapped in their sadness and thus, experience more failure.

Some people say they need a lucky break to recover from their failures. (27) They need to get over their failures on their own. But how do they do that? The answer is: positive thinking.

People often fail to realize the power of positive thinking. (28) They fail to realize that they only need to overcome their fears in order to truly succeed in life. They just have too much pride and are blinded of their own shortcomings.

The power of positive thinking lies in belief. (29) You make the decisions that affect your life. You may not be able to change your environment, but you are able to change the way you react to it.

The power of positive thinking lies beyond false courage. You need to take another look at the world around you. (30) You can't rest on your success, or foolish pride will cause you to make wrong decisions.

A. They fail to realize that their worst enemy lies within themselves.

B. However, we must always remember that we can control our reactions.

C. You can't just take a look at your failures, or you will lose hope.

D. We can benefit a lot from positive thinking.

E. However, life rarely gives people a break.

F. You need to believe that you are in control

## Meet Famous People in London

　　Many people like to see famous people. But famous people don't( 31) like to be looked at. At least, they don't like to be looked at all day every day! However, there is one (32) in England where you can look at lots of famous people every day. That is Madame Tussaud's, the most popular (33 )attraction in London.

On most days of the year, (34) of visitors can be seen outside Madame Tussaud's. They want to (35) in and see some of the most famous people in the world. If you like, you can (36 )to those film stars, sports stars or politicians in Madame Tussaud's, but they won't (37 )anything to you, because they can't! Madame Tussaud's is a waxworks(蜡像馆), and the"famous people"in the building are made out of wax. But, this doesn't( 38 )to be a problem. Ordinary people like looking at (39) people, even if they are only( 40 ). It's better than nothing!

A. seem
B. give
C. place
D. talk
E. statues
F. tourist
G. extraordinary
H. liens
I. get
J. rarely
K. say
L. usually

## Don't Be Afraid of Making Mistakes

　　Lots of people don't dare to make mistakes (mistake). They fear that they will be ridiculed or (41) (blame) by others. They fear that they will lose their money and belongings or be under a lot of stress. But risks are (42) (actual) unavoidable and they do pave the way towards success. Have you ever (43) (hear) of someone who achieves success without making any mistakes before?

So it is (44 )(nature) that making mistakes in your effort to reach your dreams is (45) (consider) a must, and you shouldn't worry about that as you may get a lot of (46) (advantage) out of your mistakes. By making mistakes you then can distinguish between the correct and the (47) (correct) portions of what you did. Anthony D'Angelo said: "In order to succeed, you must fail, so that you know what to do the next time. "And Robert Louis Stevenson even (48 ）(go) to the extreme as to say: "Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good( 49) (spirit)." You needn't worry about anything as long as you keep on going by( 50) (wise) learning from your mistakes and trying even harder.

## 假设你暑假参加了你所在社区组织的义工(volunteer)活动

请给你的美国朋友Tom写一封英文电子邮件,与他分享你的感想,内容包括:

- 你做了什么义工工作
- 你认为做义工的意义是什么
- 请以Li Ke署名

## 答案

五 LCFHI DKAGE
