# 2017-10

## My Writing Teacher

English writing was always easy for me, but that changed on the first day I walked into Mrs. Johnson’s class. Before that, I’d heard rumors from former students. They said she was strict and her class was hard to pass. So I was very nervous.

The first time we met, Mrs. Johnson told us her class would be difficult, but she would give us new “tools” and guide us through. She explained that her grading system was different, and that we would not see high scores soon. “Everything you do in class matters,” she said. “As writing is an art, it takes a long time to perfect.”

Mrs. Johnson scared me. I was afraid of what she would say if I asked a question. So in class I kept silent most of the time and couldn’t follow her. When I got my first essay back, my grade was terrible. I was annoyed with Mrs. Johnson. I disliked going to her class.

Then I realized I needed to find out what I could do to improve my grade and how to use the “tools” in my writing. As I still didn’t dare to talk to Mrs. Johnson in person, I e-mailed her. In this way, she and I worked together to improve my writing. By and by, I could talk to her both online and in person. She walked me through every step to understand how to write an essay. Together  we saw improvement in my work.

From this I discovered that asking for help could actually work. Behind everything Mrs. Johnson was saying, she actually cared about me and where I would be in the future. She knocked me down so that I could climb back stronger.

1. I was worried when I was in Mrs. Johnson’s first class.

2. Mrs. Johnson used the same grading system as other teachers.

3. Mrs. Johnson regards writing as an art.

4. I was active in class in the beginning.

5. Most students enjoyed Mrs. Johnson’ s class.

6. I got a high score for my first essay.

7. Mrs. Johnson preferred to email students.

8. Mrs. Johnson let me improve my writing by myself.

9. I finally became a top student in the writing class.

10. Mrs. Johnson cared about my future.

## The Kilt

Whenever people from Scotland live in foreign countries, they are always asked: “Is Scotland that place where men wear skirts?” The short answer is yes, but there is more about the myths of Scottish” skirts.

The “skirt” that Scotsmen (苏格兰男子) sometimes wear is called a kilt. It is part of the traditional dress of Scotland. The kilt is clearly very famous across the world. It seems that everybody has heard of it, and that most people have seen a picture of a man wearing one.

People’ s knowledge and ideas about Scotsmen wearing these funny kilts come from films and television. Every time people from other countries ask about the kilt, they mention Mel Gibson’s film, Braveheart. In many countries, there are television programs about Scotland. These programs always include information or images of men in kilts.

Of course, in Scotland, you will often see the kilt. The reality is, though, that you will most commonly see it in tourist areas. The main streets and tourist areas of Scotland always have a Scotsman wearing a kilt and all tourist shops in the country sell kilts in different colors.

But kilts are not something that Scottish people see every day. Kilts are for special occasions, such as weddings, funerals and other big and important events. Scotsmen do not put on their kilt just to buy a bottle of milk and a loaf of bread at the local supermarket.

The reason for this may be that kilts are very expensive. When a man wears a kilt, he normally wears it with a special shirt, jacket, socks and shoes. This is obviously not cheap. In fact, an average kilt outfit (全套服装) costs around £500.

11. According to the text, Scotsmen

A.   like foreign culture                       B. sometimes wear kilts

C. enjoy talking about kilts                D. often visit foreign countries

12. Mel Gibson is probably a

A.   painter                            B. musician

C. movie star                       D. fashion designer

13. In Scotland, kilts are more often seen

A.   in tourist shops                 B. in public schools

C. on the stage                       D. at local markets

14. People do not wear kilts every day probably because of their

A.   funny designs                   B. dull colors

C. poor quality                      D. high prices

15. This text is mainly about the  

A.   history of kilts                  B. production of kilts

C. myths of kilts                   D. styles of kilts

## A Fighting Lady

① Deborah Sampson was born in 1760. There were many children in her family and they were poor. When Deborah was just a young girl, her father left and went off to sea. Being in poor health, her mother could not care for her children. So she sent them to live with different relatives, hoping these people would take care of her children.

② Young Deborah, less than seven years old, had to work for a farmer. On the farm, she learned to ride and hunt. She did housework as well. Life was difficult, but Deborah worked hard and grew strong. The farmer had ten sons, and Deborah helped to take care of them. In the evening, she had the boys talk about their lessons with her. By this she learned what they learned. She also borrowed their school books to read every night. When she was 18, Deborah became a teacher.

③Soon after she started her new career, the American revolution began. She wanted to fight for her country, but women could not be soldiers at that time. Deborah had a plan. She was tall for a woman of that time. She made herself a man’s suit and secretly practiced walking and talking like a man. Finally, she joined the army using the name Robert.

④“Robert” was a brave soldier. He fought with courage in every battle, and other soldiers respected him. They never suspected that their fellow soldier was a woman. Once he caught a fever and had to go to the hospital. There a doctor found out that Robert was actually a woman. Deborah then had to leave the army but she was not punished. Some people said she even met General George Washington before she left.

⑤Later, Deborah married a farmer and had three children. She taught in school and gave lectures about her time in the army till retirement. Deborah died at the age of 66. She was a true American hero.

### Task 1

A. Deborah’s marriage.

B.  Deborah’s life on the farm.

C.  Deborah’s life after leaving the army.

D. Deborah’s military life.

E. Deborah’s joining the army.

F. Deborah’s family background

### Task 2

21. Deborah was sent to others home because

22. Deborah became a teacher by

23. Deborah went into the army by

24. Deborah left the army after

25. Deborah was a hero

A. teaching herself on the farm

B.  for her unusual courage

C.  a doctor discovered her secret

D. her family couldn’t support her

E.  dressing and behaving like a man

F.  for her excellent teaching

## My Major Problem

Decision-making is: something I struggle with. In fact, I'd rather have someone else make decisions for me.

As I sat in a crowded information session(咨询会) at a college last summer,I was again faced with the pressure of making a decision.( 26 )He then asked each of us to give our intended major. I looked at my mother with panic. "A major?"I said. "I can't even decide what socks to wear to school!"

I wanted to say I was undecided. But as my turn to speak approached, my confidence decreased. (27) I watched the girl in front of me. She was searching for some obscure(鲜为人知的) major. I realized I couldn' t just say undecided. So, when my turn came, I uneasily said, "I want to major in business." I could feel "liar" written all over my face.

(28) I felt ashamed. "Why couldn't I have said that?" I thought. The admissions adviser even said that a lot of people are uncertain. That is why students have to decide until the end of the second year.

I have no idea what I want to do with my life. All I know is that I don,t want to do anything that involves blood.( 29) This isn't really narrowing it down. I've been told many people start college with one major, and graduate with a degree in something totally different.

After my experience at the information session, I've learned not to be afraid of saying I'm"undecided. "I know now that I am not the only one uncertain about future studies. I'm still experiencing a"major"problem. (30)

A. Everyone before me had declared a major.

B.  So I’ve narrowed my list down to anything but medicine.

C.  The admissions officer asked us to introduce ourselves briefly.

D. In the end, only one brave person said she was undecided.

E.  Admissions advisors help you to make decisions.

F.  However, I’m confident I’ll find a solution.

## Choosing Friends

　　In our daily life, it's nice to have friends. While family is (31) important, friends are a different support system of your choosing. As the 32 goes, "You can't choose your family, but you can choose your friends. "Choosing them wisely can (33) your life more exciting and inspiring.

Deciding whom you choose as your friends says as much about you as it does them. You may choose your friends (34) on similar interests. You may choose them because you're opposites of each other and find this interesting. Often, friends become "friends" because they are naturally attracted towards each other due to (35) personalities. Sometimes it's just circumstances that bring two individuals together who then become friends.

Whatever prompts a friendship, developing one is a very (36 )experience. This is especially true when, before you know it, a certain (37) turns into a unique lifelong close friendship. again, it's been said that a person (38) has only a couple of very close friends in their life. Think of whom you (39) as truly close friends. These are those few individuals you can (40 )and share deep thoughts and concerns with.
　　A. saying
　　B. make
　　C.normally
　　D. similar
　　E. trust
　　F. relied
　　G. consider
　　H. relationship
　　I. speech
　　J. rewarding
　　K. based
　　L. extremely

## Bats

　　Many people think bats look frightening (frighten). But research has (41 )(show) us that bats are kind animals. The way they live (42) (provide) a great deal of help to humans and other (43) (live) things.

Bats are gentle and loving. Mother bats sleep with their wings around their (44) (baby) to protect them, and will move them to (45) (safe) if they seem to be( 46) (threaten) in any way. Just like other animals, adult bats help their children find (47) (suit) food to eat.

Bats are (48) (help), too. Some bats eat insects. Just one brown bat can eat (49) (near) 600 insects in one hour! Besides, many species are even dependent on bats for their (50) (survive). Therefore, bats are really friendly animals!

## 某英文报社正在举办题为 "Exercise Every Day" 的征文活动。请就此题目写—篇英文短文应征,内容包括

坚持锻炼有哪些好处

你能否坚持每天锻炼
