# 2019-10

## To Lease (租赁)or Not to Lease

Planning to lease a car because you don't think you can afford to buy? Think again.Leasing can end up being just as expensive as buying.

　　Most people think about leasing because they believe it will cost them less money. They're right——it is cheaper, but only in the short term. For example, if you were to lease a new Subaru Forester, you might pay $300 per month for the car. If you were to buy the same car, you would pay about $400 per month. Over a three-year lease, you would save $3,600——a big savings. But after your lease is over, you have to give the car back.

　　Many people want to lease because they can drive a more expensive car than they might otherwise be able to afford. For example, if you spend $300 monthly on a car, you might be able to lease a new Ford Explorer. For the same price, you might have to buy a used Explorer, or buy a new but much less expensive model. A lease, therefore, allows you to drive the latest models of more expensive cars. However, whatever car you can afford to buy, you get to keep it,and it will always have a resell or trade-in (以旧换新)value if you want to upgrade to a new car later.

　　Furthermore, people who lease cars are often shocked by how much they must pay when the lease is over. Most leases limit you to a certain number of miles. If you go over that, you must pay for each mile. As a result, you may end up paying thousands of dollars in mileage (里程) fees. In addition, when you lease, you have to pay for regular maintenance and repairs to the vehicle. Since you must return the car finally, you are paying to repair someone else's car.

　　By now, the benefits of buying over leasing should be clear. Remember: whatever model you can afford to buy, it is yours after you make the payments. There's no giving back, and that makes all the difference.

A. True B. False C. Not Given

1. People usually think leasing a car can save money.

2. Leasing a car costs less in the long term.

3. More people like to lease cars than before.

4. People can lease a car they cannot afford.

5. Young people prefer to lease the latest models of cars.

6. Ford Explorer is the most popular model in the leasing market.

7. People often pay more than they expect for a lease.

8. People need to pay for each mile they drive during the lease.

9. Leasing companies pay for repairs to the leased cars.

10. The author advises people to buy an affordable car.

## Mental Illness Hits Small Business Owners Hard

While there is a growing focus on mental health in the workplace, there are fewer resources and support available to those running small businesses.

　　There are many reasons people choose to have their own business: being their own boss, working on something they love, being able to set their own hours, or having some control over whom they work with. Yet the reality many small business owners face is far less attractive—financial stress, long working hours and unclear boundaries between work and family life. And all of these factors can have a huge impact on their mental health.

　　Leanne Fawkner is a business owner of an award-winning skin-care range (系列产品).She knows very well the impact that a small business can have on the mental health of its owner. When her successful business struggled due to the global financial crisis, she suffered a lot mentally. "As business slowed, I was more and more affected," she says. "I couldn't separate myself from my business. It was the worst experience of my life. I could no longer go to work and was crying all day."

　　Fawkner was diagnosed with depression. She had to take several months off work. Fortunately, her husband was able to keep things going while Fawkner was recovering. She saw a counselor (咨询师)for help and took part in a workplace mental health promotion program. This program was designed for small to medium business owners.

　　"The stories on the DVD in the program were so helpful. I was crying because I didn't feel so alone." For Fawkner, small business owners are overlooked. While employees in larger organizations often have access to employee assistance programs, small business owners are struggling on their own.

11. One reason to have one's own business is that one can have more

A. flexible working hours B. support from others

C. available resources D. life experience

12. A small business owner usually has

A. a more colorful life B. a bigger profit

C. less stress from work D. longer working time

13. Fawkner' s business ran into trouble because

A. it was taken over by her husband B. she had a serious mental problem

C. it was hit by the financial crisis D. she started a-mental health program

14. Fawkner didn't feel so alone because

A. she had her family around B. she could watch DVD at work

C. others had similar experiences D. the counselor was helpful to her

15. According to Fawkner, small business owners need more

A. financial aid B. technical knowledge

C. management skills D. mental health assistance

## Secrets for a Happier You

Some people are naturally blessed with a cheerful character. They spread warmth and sunshine wherever they go. They attract people like bees to honey. So what is it that makes these people so different from others?

　　①The most important secret to happiness is to be grateful for the good things in your life—whatever may be your financial position. Instead of appreciating material wealth, be thankful for the loved ones in your life and enjoy the little pleasures of life that come your way.

　　②The next most important secret is to develop relationships. Increasing social contacts helps boost brain power. Therefore, work towards improving your relationships and take time off to get in touch with friends. This will lift some burden off your shoulders, especially when you share your thoughts and feelings. Socializing can give you an added boost to your moods.

　　③Thirdly, do not hold a grudge (怨恨)against anyone. Instead, I earn to be kind, generous, and forgiving towards others, even to the person who hurt you. Be sympathetic and understanding, and try not to criticize others. Focus on the positives of a person instead of the negatives, for none of us is born perfect. It will keep your heart and mind free and peaceful.

　　④Besides, involve yourself in some creative process, be it dancing, writing or drawing. This can bring out the hidden talent in you to achieve magical happiness. Or pick up new skills and feel the great sense of satisfaction by carrying out certain tasks which you otherwise would never have felt.

 ⑤Finally, follow a daily regular sleep-wake cycle to keep you energetic and happy. Exercise regularly or practice relaxation techniques like deep breathing and yoga (瑜伽). Ensure you get eight to nine hours of sleep every day and have a well-balanced diet.

### Task 1

A. Help people in need

B. Have a healthy lifestyle

C. Do something creative

D. Better your social relationships

E. Be thankful for what you have

F. Learn to understand and forgive

### Task 2

21. A cheerful character makes you

22. Enjoy the pleasures of life

23. Socializing can make you

24. Try to forgive

25. Creative activities enable you

A. more intelligent

B. even if you are poor

C. different from others

D. even when you are hurt

E. to develop you' potential

F. to gain more material wealth

## Cultural Differences in England and France

Cultural differences can take many forms. I have noticed many differences in French culture compared to English culture, from the way people dress, to their attitudes towards food, to what they do for fun. One thing that has struck me in particular in France is people's personal interactions with each other.( 26)

Firstly, it's the kissing. Everyone kisses each other on the check. It's a greeting, instead of saying "hi" or "hello." (27) Everyone participates in the kissing ritual, the young, the old, male, female, strangers and friends. I kiss my friends. I kiss the teachers at the school. And even if I'm in a hurry, I am still expected to make time to give acquaintances a quick kiss on the cheek as I rush past. I don't mind it. (28)It quickly turns strangers into acquaintances, and acquaintances into friends.

　　Another thing that I've noticed is that people in France are much more open with people they don't know. (29) In France, however, on long train journeys people have often started a conversation with me for no reason. They have a chat simply to pass the time. And I really enjoy being able to share a part of my life and my story with someone else.

　　Whatever impressions you may have about French people, I have found that they are, for the most part, open and at ease talking to strangers. (30).

A. In fact, I quite like it.

B. They differ a lot from those in the UK.

C. Often the kiss is a substitute for words.

D. This makes me more comfortable with them too.

E. Britons often greet each other with hugs and kisses.

F. In England, you talk to a stranger only if completely necessary.

## Success for 99 Cents

　　How do you sell things in a time when the economy is down and people just don't want to (31)? Try the 99 cent approach.

　　Steve Jobs, former (32) of Apple Computers, tried it and (33)saved the music industry. He (34) a standard price of 99 cents for each song that he wanted to sell on iTunes and built a successful music download company.

　　In the 1960s, Dave Gold (35) a store that sold alcoholic drinks in southern California. He sold wine in three(36)categories: $0.79, $0.99 and $1 49. When he saw that the 99 cent wine did best, he started selling the other two at the same price and sales went up. In 1982, he started (37) 99 cent stores across the US. Today the company is (38) almost 500 million dollars and has 280 shops.

　　Why does a 99 cent price tag (标签)make so much success? Researchers have found out that the price ending with .99 shows a (39) price for consumers. It looks less and consumers( 40) feel that they can get something back.

A.owned
B.usually
C.set
D.worth
E.finally
F.several
G.buy
H.market
I.boss
J.sell
K.lower
L.price

## Learning From Mistakes

Lots of people dare not make mistakes (mistake). They fear they will be laughed at or 41. Blamed (blame) by others. They fear they will lose their money and 42. belongings (belonging) or be under heavy stress. But risks are 43.impossible (possible) to avoid and they do pave the way towards success. Have you ever 44. heard(hear) of anyone who achieves success without making any mistakes?

So it is only 45.natural (nature) that making mistakes should be considered a must. You shouldn't worry about that as you 46. probably (probable) get lots of advantages out of your mistakes. By making mistakes, you can at least distinguish between the correct and the 47. incorrect (correct) parts of what you did. Robert Stevenson once. Said: "Our business in life is not to be 48.successful (success), but to continue to fail in good spirits."

You needn't worry about anything as long as you keep on going by 49. wisely (wise) learning from your mistakes and 50.trying (try) even harder.

## 某英文报社正在举办题为"Green Transportation"的征文活动

请你根据下述写作要点提交一篇英文短文应征

- 你怎样理解绿色出行
- 你会选择哪种绿色出行方式
- 给出理由

## 答案

1-5 ABCAC 6-10 CABBA

11-15 ADCDD

16-20 EDFCB 21-25 CBADE

26-30 DCAFB

31-35 GIECA 36-40 FJDKH

41.blamed
42.belongings
43.impossible
44.heard
45.natural
46.probably
47.incorrect
48.successful
49.wisely
50.trying
