# 2021-04

## Animals in the City

Recently, there have been many reports in newspapers and on TV about big animals coming into towns and cities. What happens when big animals come into our cities? Is it a good thing or is it dangerous for us and the animals?

Wild animals usually come into cities to look for food. In Cape Town, South Africa, baboons(狒狒) sometimes come into the suburbs. They eat fruit from gardens and go into people's kitchens! Baboons are strong animals and sometimes they scare children and fight with pet dogs. Many people do not like them, but the city can be dangerous for baboons too. Sometimes, baboons are hurt in car accidents. The city council in Cape Town has a team of Baboon Monitors. Their job is to find baboons in the city and take them back to the countryside. The problem is that a lot of baboons will come back to the city to find food again.

In Berlin Germany, groups of wild pigs sometimes come into the city to look for food They eat flowers and plants and dig in gardens and parks in the city. They also walk in the street and cause traffic accidents. Some city residents like the pigs and give them food. But the city council is worried about the traffic accidents. They have told people to stop giving the pigs food and have put up fences to stop the pigs from coming into the city.

In Moscow, Russia there are 35000 wild dogs. They live in parks, empty houses, markets and train stations. Some of the dogs were pets that people did not want, so they left them on the streets. Others were born on the streets and have always lived there. A lot of people like them and are used to seeing them on the streets. They give the dogs food and water. They even build small huts for the dogs to live in during the very cold winter.

1. Many news reports concern big animals in the city.

2. Wild animals often come into cities for the winter.

3. The food in kitchens can be bad for baboons.

4. Cape Town is a safe place for baboons.

5. Many baboons will return after being sent away from the city.

6. There are more wild pigs in Berlin now than in the past.

7. Wild pigs sometimes cause traffic problems in Berlin.

8. Wild pigs started to come into Berlin years ago.

9. No one knows the number of wild dogs in Moscow.

10. Some people help the wild dogs survive the cold winter.

## What Happens When You Stop Exercising?

Have you ever wondered what would happen if you stopped exercising? A new study on twins was published in the journal Medicine & Science. The results of the study are dramatic.

In the study, researchers looked at 10 pairs of twin men. Each set of twins was in their mid-30s. Each had been brought up in the same family. Since they were identical, they shared the same DNA. They had maintained the same level of physical activity for most of their lives. But there was one difference. One twin of each set had cut on exercising in the past few years due to work or family pressure. On average, the less active twin exercised less than twice a week, while the active twin exercised at least twice a week. The research team put each twin through a set of medical tests to study their overall health.

The results showed big differences. While the more active twins had lower body fat percentage, better endurance level, and normal sensitivity, the inactive twins had about seven more pounds of body fat, worse endurance, and signs of disease. Not only were their bodies different; their brains were different as well. The active twins had more gray matter (the information processing part of the brain), particularly in areas that control balance.

The conclusion of the study is clear. Quitting your fitness routine can bring negative effects to your body and your brain as well. Considering the less active twins in the study had become couch potatoes（沉溺于看电视的人）only recently，these changes can sneak up on you a lot sooner than you'd think. So keep exercising. It is beneficial to your overall health!

11. This text is mainly about_

A. The importance of DNA

B. the role of exercise

C. the birth of a new journal

D. the difference between twins

12. Researchers chose twins for their study mostly because they

A. shared the same DNA

B. looked alike

C. had the same lifestyle

D. grew up together

13. The twins in the study differed in

A. sleeping habits

B. exercise frequency

C. working hours

D. food preference

14. The study found that the more active twins became

A. less creative

B. less sensitive

C. more emotional

D. more endurable

15. The phrase "sneak up on” (Para.4) most probably means

A. protect

B. attack

C. affect

D. benefit

## Surviving Illness Away From Home

Being ill is a horrible thing at the best of times, but what is even worse is when you are ill away from home. If you're living away from home or abroad, it's important to get better at your own pace in order to ensure you can enjoy the rest of your time away.

1 Pampering（娇惯）yourself is always a good start. If you feel so ill and tired that you can't even get out of bed, then don't! Make a trip to the kitchen and stock up on fluids and try to make yourself some hot food. The key to getting better is to drink lots of fluids.Water and hot drinks such as green tea and soup are usually the best things.

② Try to distract yourself from feeling horrible. If you have a TV, watch one of your favorite films or TV series. If you don't have a TV, maybe put the radio on. If you have a headache and all the noise is too much to handle, try reading the book you've always wanted to read but never had the time to. Being ill doesn't have to be the worst day in the world!

3 Tell your friends and family that you are ill. Sometimes there is nothing better than hearing words of comfort from loved ones who feel sorry for you and want to cheer you up and make you happy. There is nothing wrong with a little attention from others when you're ill. Who knows, they might even be willing to travel and visit you with lots of “Get Well” presents like your favorite food,magazine or flowers.

4 When you do arrive at a new place where you will be staying for a few months, make sure you know exactly where the nearest drugstore is. If you are in a foreign country, it might be best to translate a few useful phrases before you start asking for a cure.

Task 1

A.Taking good care of yourself

B. Staying in bed for the entire day

C. Taking your attention away from illness

D.Knowing where and how to get medicine

E. Informing friends and family of your illness

Task 2

20. Being sick away from home is

21. You are advised to recover

22. The best cure for illness is

23. If you cannot bear the noise from TV,

24. A few useful translated phrases help you

25. You can buy medicine

A. ask for medicine

B. at your own pace

C. water and hot drinks

D. a terrible experience

E. at a nearby drugstore

F. read your favorite book

G. suffer from a cold

## Swiss Banks

Switzerland is well-known for chocolate and its watch-making industry. It is even more famous for its unique banking and financial system. 26.

Banking in Switzerland goes back to the 18th century. In the past, not only rich people but also dictators （独裁者）kept their money in Swiss banks. During World German Nazis （纳粹）put much of their money in Switzerland. 27.

Swiss banks are popular for many reasons. 28. It enjoys one of the highest per capita（人均） incomes in the world. It has been neutral for many centuries, especially during the two world wars. In addition, the Swiss franc is one of the most stable currencies in the world.

Most importantly, Swiss banks follow very strict privacy rules. In 1934, a law was passed that forbade Swiss banks to reveal the names of account holders. 29. If a Swiss banker reveals a person's bank account without permission, he or she commits a crime. Such regulations have made Switzerland a popular destination for many people. Lately, however, the Swiss government has been under heavy pressure from other countries. 30. They want the banks to reveal the names of possible criminals.

Task

A. They urge it to change its bank laws.

B. Banks strictly protect the privacy of their clients.

C. Private banking has a long tradition in the country.

D.Banks play an important role in Switzerland's economy.

E. Foreigners in troubled areas also kept money in Swiss banks.

F. For one, the country has a very stable and prosperous economy.

## Education in New Zealand

Education in New Zealand is compulsory （强制的）between the ages of 6 and 16. All children between these ages must 31 school. Most children begin their schooling at 5. This period includes primary and secondary education, and it is 32.

Early childhood covers the period from birth to 6 years old. This both care and education. There are many 33. such as play center and kindergartens. More and more people are realizing the 34. of early childhood education. Now 60 percent of children under 5 join in some form of pre­school education.

Children go to primary school for 8 years or up to the age of about 13. They 35 go to secondary schools for a further 5 years. Some students may decide to leave school at 16.

Higher education 36 any education or training that takes place after secondary school. In New Zealand, this includes universities, 37, and training schools.

New Zealand is 38 becoming multi-cultural. More and more international 39 are studying there. The education system is adapting to 40 the needs of different cultural group.

A. meet
B. students
C. quickly
D. means

E. free
F. wisely
G. then
H. value

I. choices
J. quit
K. attend
L. Colleges

## Body Image

Many people are not satisfied (satisfy) with their body images. They are 41 (encourage) to have plastic surgeries (整形手术), diet plans, or diet pills.

However, to build a positive body image 42 (require) a balanced diet and a 43 (health) lifestyle. In our daily life, to eat more fruits and 44 (vegetable)than meat will help us keep fit, and the best way to keep ourselves in shape is to do some vigorous exercise every day.

Besides, a correct attitude is 45 (equal) important. We should not feel 46 (embarrass) about our bodies . We should not believe our body is a shame of personal 47 (fail). We do not need to be as 48 (attract) as everyone else.

Instead, we should love ourselves rather than desire for 49 (possible) standards. We should have a real and clear understating of our body parts, and appreciate our body for the way it is. In this way, we will feel 50 (comfort) and confident.

## 假设你的美国朋友John给你发来一封电子邮件，表示他对中国传统文化很感兴趣，希望你简 单介绍一个中国的传统节日（Traditional Chinese Festival） o以下是你给他回复的主要内容

- 节日名称
- 节日由来
- 人们如何庆祝这一节日

请以Li Ke署名。

## answers

一 ABCBA CACBA

五 KEIHG DLCBA

41. encouraged (encourage)
42. requires (require)
43. healthy (health)
44. vegetables (vegetable)
45. equally (equal)
46. embarrassed (embarrass)
47. failure (fail)
48. attractive (attract)
49. impossible (possible)
50. comfortable (comfort)
