# 2022-10

## Lacking in Self-Esteem(自尊)? Good for you

According to psychological and educational theories self-esteem is essential for a successful life Generations of children, ①especially minority kids have been educated according to the theory that they lack self-esteem, and that this deficiency is central to any problems they may have in making their way in the world.

Well, guess what? ②A new research has found that self-esteem can be just as high among grade D students and drunk drivers as it is among Nobel Prize winners and former presidents.   ④In fact, people with high self-esteem can engage in far more anti-social behavior than those with low self-esteem. We used to believe that high self-esteem would cause all sorts of positive consequences and that if we raised self-esteem, people would do better in life,” a researcher said. “Mostly the data have failed to support that. ⑤"Racists, street thugs (恶棍) and school bullies(恶霸) all have high scores on the self-esteem tests. And you can see why. ⑥If you think you’re highly gifted, you’re particularly offended if other people don’t treat you that way. So, you hit out or commit crimes to defend your pride. After all, who are they to suggest that you could be doing something wrong? What do they know?

Self-esteem can also be an educational concern. ⑧College teachers are constantly complaining about the high self-esteem of their students.  ⑨When every grade in the school is assessed so as to make the kid feel good rather than to give an accurate measure of his work, the kid can develop self-esteem dangerously unrelated to the truth.  ⑩When he's told he is getting a C grade in college, he can then get deeply offended or extremely angry Weak professors give in to the pressure-hence grade inflation which results in their students' vague touch with reality.

1. It is believed that minority kids often have self-esteem problem.
2. A new research shows that high self-esteem is essential to success.
3. Parents are responsible for their children’s self-esteem.
4. Anti-social behavior is related to low self-esteem.
5. Racists have low self-esteem.
6. People with high self-esteem are hurt more easily.
7. College students are faced with high economic pressure.
8. College teachers are often annoyed with students’ high self-esteem
9. High grades help students know the truth of themselves.
10. Some college students may find a C grade offending

## Organic Farming

During thousands of years of huma civilization, the raising of animals and growing of plants have always been organic. Chemicals for farming first came up at the turn of the 20th century. Widespread use of chemicals began after World War II. In the 1950s and 60s farmers started using chemical fertilizers and pesticides (杀虫剂). ①Recently, however, more and more farmers have been returning to organic farming.

In organic farming, farm products are produced in more natural ways. Crops, meat and other food are produced without chemicals. Chemical fertilizers, pesticides, and growth hormones(激素) are forbidden. Farmers enrich the soil with natural fertilizers. They pull out weeds by hand. Hay and straw are put between the rows of plants to stop weeding. They rely on the natural enemies of pests to control pests. ②Animals are fed organically and can eat grass outdoors. Cows, for example, are kept in pastures(草场)and fields. Vegetables and fruit are also produced with organic methods.

Organic farming enjoys many advantages. ③For example, crop rotation can preserve the good qualities of soils. The growing of different crops can keep soils healthy and fertile. Organic farming is healthier for farm workers, and there are fewer remains of chemicals in food. ④In the long run, organic farms save energy and protect the environment. It can slow down global warming and reduce the pollution of ground water.

Meanwhile, there are some disadvantages. Organic food is more expensive. Organic products may cost up to 40% more. ⑤Production costs are higher as farmers need more workers, and the land output is much less. Marketing and distribution is not efficient because organic food is provided in smaller amount. Crop illness may happen very often. Besides, organic farming cannot produce enough food for the world’s population to survive. This could lead to starvation in countries that can't produce enough food today.

11. Organic farming _______.

A. started in the 1950s

B. had a short history

C. has become popular in recent years

D. was promoted by World War II

12. In organic farming ______.

A. cows can move around in fields

B. natural enemies of pests are scarce

C. chemicals are used to kill pests

D. machines are used to pull out weeds

13. The phrase “crop rotation” (Para. 3) probably means ______.

A. growing high-yielding crops

B. seasonal growing of crops

C. planting soil-enriching crops

D. regular changing of crops

14. One advantage of organic farming is that it is_______.

A. water-saving

B. labor-saving

C. market-friendly

D. environmentally-friendly（环境友好）

15. The problem of organic farming is _______.

A. poor qualities of soils

B. high production costs

C. the use of too much land

D. the shortage of farm workers

## Health Benefits of Honey with Milk

Honey and milk get along well. Since ancient times this mix is known for its amazing health benefits.

(1)Take a glass of honey with milk before you set out for your day in the morning, and you are guaranteed enough to get through the morning rush. Milk provides you the proteins required while honey helps you get the energy by breaking down these proteins. No wonder this drink is meant for all ages alike.

(2)Milk is known for providing calcium(钙)，which in right levels, helps in preventing bone diseases as we age. Research has indicated that honey does a good job of carrying nutrients(营养成分)in the food through the blood to various parts of the body. In particular honey helps in the absorption of calcium, the vital part of milk.

(3) If you ask doctors or your grandmother for a solution to your sleeplessness, you are bound to get the same answer-a glass of warm milk with honey. It is best known to induce sleep So take it regularly if you have sleeping problems.

(4)Milk and honey not only help in preventing aging by keeping the skin glowing but also improve your body as a whole as they contain antioxidants(抗氧化物).These help keep the body young and flexible. For a very long time, this has been an open secret in keeping your body look and feel young.

(5)Both milk and honey are known to ward off harmful bacteria in our body, but their combined strength is more effective in achieving this effect. Cough and cold can be prevented by taking this drink regularly. It also aids in digestion and treating bowel disorders.

Task 1

A. Honey milk for digestion

B. Honey milk for a youthful glow

C. Honey milk for stronger bones

D. Honey milk for energy

E. Honey milk for a sound sleep

F. Honey milk for antibacterial benefits

Task 2

A. proteins and calcium

B. salt and sugar

C. cough and cold

D. your body look and feel young

E. drink milk and honey

F. of calcium

21. Milk is rich in __.

22. Milk and honey help ____

23. Honey helps the absorption __

24. Your body may bend or move easily if you __

25. Drinking honey milk regularly can prevent __

## Insomnia(失眠)

I just could not fall asleep the other night. I just didn’t feel sleepy I can’t explain why, but it was really annoying. I got very bored lying in bed, so I decided to read a book 26 But even when I finished reading, I still didn’t feel tired. So I listened to some peaceful music. That didn’t work either I have heard people say if you have a warm drink before bedtime, it will help you drift off to sleep. So I went downstairs and made myself a cup of tea.  27  Still, I couldn’t sleep. I was getting very frustrated by this point!

It felt strange to be awake while everyone else was asleep. 28 In fact it was a little bit frightening. When you go to sleep it feels like one day ends and another begins. But if you stay up late you realize that day and night are just a gentle transition(转变)，a cycle while has no end and no beginning. At 4a.m., I noticed a faint light coming through my curtains. The sun had started to rise!

Normally, I'm a heavy sleeper.  29  So on this occasion, I consider myself lucky to see a beautiful sunrise.I knew I needed to get some rest, but it seemed the harder I tried to force myself asleep the more difficult it was. Eventually, I just let my mind go free.  30  I listened to the birdsong…. and the next thing I knew it was 11 a.m.! I was happy that I had managed to get some sleep!  I have never struggled with sleeping before, so this was my first experience of insomnia. Fortunately I have been sleeping well since then.

A. The world seemed so quiet.

B. I stopped forcing myself to sleep

C. After my tea, I got back into bed.

D. I didn’t want to wake up my family

E. I thought reading would help me get to sleep.

F. I had never been awake at this time in the morning.

## Smiles

A smile costs nothing but creates much. It enriches those who__31__, without making those who give poor. It happens in a__32__and the memory of it sometimes lasts __33__. None are so rich that they can get along without it, and none so__34__but are not richer for its benefits. It creates __35__in the home, and fosters goodwill in a business. It is rest to the weary(疲劳的), daylight to the__36__and sunshine to the sad. Yet it can’t be bought, begged,borrowed or stolen, for it is something that is no earthly good to anybody till it is given__37__. And if in the last-minute rush of Christmas__38__, some of our salespeople should be too__39__ to give you a smile, may we__40__you to leave one of yours? For nobody needs a smile so much as those who have none left.

A. forever B. away C. happiness D. satisfied  

E. discouraged F. flash G. receive H. tired

I. poor J. enough K. buying L. ask

## The Importance of Friendship for School-age Children

Friends are very important to school-age children's healthy(health) development Research has shown (show)that children who lack friends can suffer from emotional and mental difficulties later in life. They have also found that children with friends have a greater (great) sense of happiness, better self-esteem and fewer problems as they grow up.Friendships provide children with more than just fun playmates (playmate ). They help children develop emotionally and morally (moral). In interacting with friends, children learn many social (society) skills, such as how to communicate,and how to cooperate. They practice controlling (control) their emotions and responding to the emotions of others. They develop their  ability (able) to think through and negotiate different eituations in thoir rolationships. Having friends affects (affect) children in many ways, even their school  performances (perform). Children tend to have better attitudes about school and learning when they have friends there. In short, friendships are not just a luxury, they are a  necessity (necessary) for children.

## 某英语学习报征集一篇题为“My Dream Trip”的稿件

- 1.你最想去哪里旅游
- 2.为什么你最想去那里

## answers

一 ABCBB ACABA
二 CADDB
三 DAEBF ADFEC
四 ECAFB
五 GFAIC EJKHL
41. showed/shown
42. greater
43. playmates
44. morally
45. social
46. controlling
47. ability
48. affects
49. performance
50. necessity

主论点：Beijing is a perfect destination

分论点一：there are so many scenery spots in Beijing

原因一：this city has a very long history

分论点二：there are so many delicious foods in Beijing

原因二：many local snacks can be found there

例文：
   Recently, more and more people are talking about dream trip.  From my perspective, it is totally undoubted that Beijing is a perfect destination (city to go to也行). The reasons why I believe so are listed as below.
   The first point that I want to mention is that there are so many scenery spots in Beijing, and that is because this city has a very long history. What is more, it’s easier for us to understand that there are so many delicious foods in Beijing, which is because many local snacks can be found there.
   From what I mention above, we can easily come to the conclusion that Beijing is a perfect destination. After all, there are so many scenery spots and delicious foods.

例文2：

My Dream Trip

Sichuan Province is located in southwestern part of China. lt enjoys many world famous places of interest,such as Jiuzhaigou and Dujiangyan project.(四川省位打中国的西南部。它有许多世界著名的名胜古迹，如九寨沟和都江堰工程。)

Jiuzhaigou National Park is a nature reserve in the north of Sichuan Province. What is the most impressive is its many multilevel waterfalls and colorful lakes.What's more,walking in the nature reserve,you have a chance to see rare animals like giant pandas,golden monkeys.There are also many species of rare plants . Another famous scenic spot is Dujiangyan project. It dates from over 2,000 years ago.However, it is still playing an important part in farm today. (九寨沟国家公园是四川省北部的一个自然保护区。最令人印象深刻的是它的多层瀑布和色彩斑斓的湖泊。更重要的是，走在自然保护区，你有机会看到稀有动物，如大熊猫，金丝猴。那里还有许多种类的稀有植物。另一个著名的景点是都江堰工程，它可以追溯到两千多年前。然而它仍然在今天的农业中扮演着重要的角色。)
I'm sure that all the people will be amazed by the beautiful scenery in Jiazhaigou as well as the construction Dujiangyan project.(我相信所有人都会为九寨沟酌美景和都江堰工程所震撼。)  
