# 2023-04

## Why Dogs Bury Their Favorite Bones

You may find it crazy that your dog buries his favorite bone or chew toy, only to dig it up a day or two later, but there is actually a reason behind it- -it is simply in their nature. For thousands of years, dogs have buried their bones. The practice itself started long before dogs were even pets when they had to bury bones to survive.

When dogs lived in the wild, sometimes food was scarce. If they were able to find food, dogs became very protective of it. Sometimes they would have more bones than they could eat for one meal. To keep other dogs and animals from stealing their bones, dogs would bury them in the ground. When it was time for the next meal, they would dig up their bones and enjoy them again. This would continue until the bones were gone.

Even though most dogs have plenty of food to eat today, their instincts still tell them to bury their bones and favorite toys. They do this to keep other dogs and animals from stealing them, just like their ancestors did. Some dogs keep at least two bones buried at once. When they want to dig up one, they will bury one more. This may leave a backyard full of holes and bones.

How do dogs decide where to bury their bones? A dog cannot bury a bone just anywhere. He must first find the perfect spot. This involves using his nose to find a spot that is free from other dogs and animals. Often it is near a tree or a large rock, but it could be anywhere in the yard. Once the dog finds the perfect spot, he uses his front paws to dig a hole, drops the bone in and covers up the hole to protect his treasure.

1. Dogs bury their favorite bones or chew toys by nature.
2. Dogs started to bury their bones when they became pets.
3. Dogs in the wild occasionally had enough food.
4. Dogs would bury their extra food for their babies.
5. Animals would start a fierce fight over food in ancient times.
6. Some dogs tend to store up more than one bone at the same time.
7. The backyard of a dog owner may be full of holes dug by his dog.
8. Dogs often bury their bones far away from trees.
9. Dogs use their paws to find spots for burying bones.
10. Dogs bury more bones than chew toys.

## Public Wi-Fi Users Neglect Safety

A recent survey shows that 25% of Internet users have done online banking through public WiFi in the last three months. It also shows that 27% have bought a product or service with a credit card this way.

Experts worry that hackers (黑客) will take advantage of these practices. Doug Shadel said that hackers usually attack in two ways. They may create Wi-Fi hotspots that have the same name of the ones you trust, such as a hotel or a coffee shop. They may also provide a stronger Wi-Fi signal to get between you and the safe hotspot. In either case, the hackers can see your email, credit card information, user names and passwords.

Sometimes hackers just set up their electronic traps near a business where people enjoy the free Wi-Fi. "In most cases they are after your personal information," Shadel said.“If you use the same user name and password for many accounts, they can get into them all. It's possible for any hacker to do it. The software to hack into a Wi-Fi network is available at little or no cost"

"It's difficult for people to know if a Wi-Fi network is safe," Shadel said.“So you should just think they are not. Any shared Internet access, free or paid, carries the same level of risk. It is safe only when you or someone you trust directly controls it."

Shadel sometimes checks email through public Wi-Fi. But he never does any banking that way. In an unfamiliar place, he uses a Virtual Private Network (VPN). "This service creates a passage between your device and a safe place on the Internet," he said.

11. A recent survey finds that 25% of Internet users use public W-Fi to____.

A. do banking

B. buy things

C. provide service

D. play cards

12. The phrase "take advantage of" (Para. 2) can best be replaced by“____”.

A. adjust to

B. benefit from

C. lead to

D. result from

13. According to Shadel, any hacker can____.

A. create different passwords

B. open an electronic account

C. steal people's information

D. write software for businesses

14. For the sake of safety, Internet users are advised to____.

A. test shared Internet access

B. rely on paid Internet access

C. look for free Internet access

D. avoid shared Internet access

15. Shadel uses public Wi-Fi to____.

A. learn about VPN

B. deal with his emails

C. keep his account safe

D. handle financial matters

## I Use Every Second Before I Go to Work

➊I wake up at 6a.m. every day. The first thing I do when I wake up is grab my smartphone and take it to the bathroom with me, where I start my day by consuming quite a lot of information. I go to some websites, but the main site that I focus on during this time is Nuzzel, a collector of headlines and links. I recommend everyone look into it if they feel they don't have time to properly focus on every website individually.

❷After visiting those sites, I head to Twitter, my No.1 outlet for communication with the public. Twitter is becoming a listening platform. There is such a volume of information on the platform that you need pay attention to. So I spend a great amount of my morning responding to people and starting conversations.

❸After all this comes my workout (锻炼) with my trainer. I usually work out for about 45 minutes. The specific workout routine varies depending on the day of the week, what I ate, and how much I've been traveling.

❹After the workout, I head back home to get my children ready for school. I say bye to them and give them each a kiss before they leave. Then, I'm off to my office, often before 9 a.m.

❺In the car to my office, I call my mom, dad or sister. I talk to them just to learn what they're up to. I really value those small moments. By the time I step into my office, so much is going through my head. My day starts the minute I open my eyes.

Task 1

16. Paragraph ➊: _____

17. Paragraph ❷: _____

18. Paragraph ❸: _____

19. Paragraph ❹: _____

20. Paragraph ❺: _____

A. I do some morning exercise.

B. I phone my parents or sister.

C. I prepare my kids for school.

D. I communicate with others online.

E. I help my kids with their homework.

F. I visit websites to get information.

Task 2

21. Nuzzel helps me _____.

22. On Twitter I am able _____.

23. There are several factors that _____.

24. Before my kids go to school, I _____.

25. I call my parents, _____.

A. to listen to others.

B. step into my office.

C. kiss them goodbye.

D. affect my workout routine.

E. to learn how they are doing.

F. to surf the Intermet efficiently.

## Banning Mobile Phones at School

It is a question that keeps some parents awake at night. Should children be allowed to take mobile phones to school?_ 26 D For parents who want their children to do well at school, it is no.

Banning mobile phones at school is effective. According to a UK study, after schools banned mobile phones, the test scores of students improved by 6.4%. The findings will influence the debate about children and mobile phones. In the UK, more than 90% of teenagers own a mobile phone; in the US, 75% have one. The popular mobile phone is a problem in the eye of teachers._ 27 A In a 2001 survey, no school banned mobiles. By 2007, this had risen to 50%. By 2012, 98% of schools had taken action. Some did not allow phones. The others required them to be handed in at the beginning of the day.

28 F New York City has lifted a 10-year ban on phones at school. It says that lifting the ban will promote equality. "This view is wrong," the researchers of the UK study write. “We found that the ban led to improvements in test scores among students. Low-achieving students gained the most._ 29 E Allowing phones into schools will harm the lowest achieving students the most."

The UK study was carried out at Birmingham, London, Leicester and Manchester schools before and after bans were introduced. "Technology is commonly viewed as increasing efficiency," the researchers write. “Modern technology is used in the classroom to improve student performance._30 C_ Some students will pay no attention to their class."

A. They are worried about the trend.

B. The mobile phone is a good example.

C. However, there are potential problems.

D. Now researchers say that they have an answer.

E. Therefore, lifting the ban may in fact lead to the opposite.

F. However, some schools are starting to allow limited use of mobile phones.

## Failing Forward

There are several key abilities that allow successful people to fail forward instead of taking each setback personally. First, successful people don't blame themselves when they fail. They take_31 C_ for each setback, but they don't take the failure personally. Second, successful people don't_32 L_ themselves by individual failures. They_33_J that each setback is a small_34 F of the whole. Third, achievers are_ 35 H to vary their approaches to problems. That's important in every walk of life. If one_36 I doesn't work for you, if it brings repeated failures,- 37 D try something else. To fail forward, you must do what works for you, not_ 38 E what works for other people. Finally, successful people are_39 G  They don't let one error keep them down. They learn from their mistakes and_ 40 B on.

A. lucky

B. move

C. responsibility

D. then

E. necessarily

F. part

G. tough

H. willing

I. approach

J. recognize

K. easily

L. define

## Achieving Success in a Presentation

The success of a presentation (present) is leaving your audience with something of value. What do they get from_41 (spend) time listening to your presentation? Many people think that they need to be brilliant to present well. They think that they need to be smart, witty and_ 42 (charm) before they start to write a speech. Those qualities can come_43_ (natural), but most often, they come as a result of the passion and knowledge of the_44_ (speak).

One of the vital factors in having an_45_ (effect) presentation is serving the needs of your audience. Caring for your audience's needs_46 (require) no perfection. You can make_ 47 (mistake) and it's going to be OK. The_48_ (equip) can fail and it's still going to be OK. You don't have to use humor to be a_49 (win). With that in mind, the real point is more like being successful at_ 50 (reach) your audience.

## 假设你刚找到一份满意的工作。请给你的美国朋友 Tom 写- -封英 文电子邮件，分享你的喜悦，内容包括

- 你找了一份什么工作
- 你为什么喜欢这份工作
- 请以 Li Ke 署名

## answers

一 ABACC AABBC
二 ABCDB
三 FDACB FADCE
四 DAFEC
五 CLJFHIDEGB
六
41. spending
42. charming
43. naturally
44. speaker
45. effective
46. requires
47. mistakes
48. equipment
49. winner
50. reaching

Dear Tom,
I hope this email finds you well. I just wanted to share some exciting news
with you. I recently found a job that I'm really happy about and wanted to
tell you all about it.
I like to be a teacher. Three reasons have led me to choose this job. First,
teaching is learning. To make my lectures more helpful and interesting, I
have to read more books, learn new knowledge and gain a better
understanding of the world, which is the very thing I enjoy in my life.
Second, teaching means freedom and independence. As a teacher, I' m
free to use my own ideas and make my own decisions. Finally, I like
teaching because it offers certain peace of mind. All in all, the reasons
above make me like teaching best. Anyway, I just wanted to share my
good news with you. Hope you're doing well!
                                                          Yours
                                                          Li Ke
